Hey everyone. My name is Anne-Marie
Band. Today's Friday, April the 17th.
And this is the Money Ball Morning
Report. Charts by TrendSpider, gamma
flows by Menter Q, and data analytics by
tradewave.ai.
Okay. So, let's stare down the E-mini
S&P right here. What can we see? What is
our observable
We're still heading higher.
We've got moving averages still trending
higher, and we have momentum still
trending higher. All of it.
So, by definition, dips are buys. So,
now that we know that, where are we
forming? Well, we had a 9:30 candlestick
yesterday, pretty extensive.
And the closing candlestick, the 3:30
p.m. candlestick, Eastern time,
closed just over the high of that
opening range candle at 9:30 to 10.
You know,
what could you say about that? A little
bit sideways, a little bit bullish.
These are the two big candles that
really force price action into a place
that's observable. And so, what what are
we seeing? We're seeing that this last
last hour of the day pushed us just over
the edge, and that says, "Well,
we're over the high of this, so that's
bullish." So, we'll we'll say, "Hey,
well, that's bullish." And it did give
us bullish pressure. Now, if you looked
at the video last night, I gave you a
number of support that was pretty deep,
and so it went without you. Right?
How can you say to yourself, "I don't
want to wait for that depth."
Let me see what's going on. Very simple.
Do a Fibonacci on last 30 minutes,
and then watch the other key candles.
The opening candlestick, the 4:00 a.m.
Eastern time candlestick.
Watch what happens. And we can see that
the 4:00 a.m. broke out. Actually, it
looks like about
Oh, yeah.
It was that 3:30 to 4:00 a.m. But the
4:00 a.m. candlestick clearly broke out
and gave us momentum to the upside.
Where did we stop? At pivot
7,096. Where could we pull back to?
Well, we could pull back all the way to
the 30-minute high of the prior day.
30-minute closing high of the prior day.
Or we could come right into the 4:00
a.m. I suspect the 4:00 a.m. candlestick
is going to be the first place we try to
test.
And it's sitting right on top of the
view app. That number's 7,084.
7,085. That would be the area I would
say
if you are eager to be long, that's the
one that you would continue. What do I
like? I like things to be as close to
the pivot and the moving averages as
possible.
For me, I'm looking for a buy zone
at around
7,070.
Where would my stop be?
You know, a wide stop 7,060.
So, 10 points wide. Why? My moving
average is a little flat. I'm looking
somewhere to hold above the 50% range of
uh my 9:30 candlestick. So,
that's what I'm staring down.
Something right around that area.
Okay?
Dips and buys. People are
up in arms about how much the market's
moving and how this movement is all
sketchy and
Listen,
it doesn't matter why or what you think
or
I got all kinds of tin foil colored hats
at the desk. It doesn't matter. Just
follow price and believe price because
it's not going to lie.
Price can't lie.
And so when it tells you what's
happening, all you have to do is just
manage your risk and decide if you want
to follow along.
Okay? So, what are we staring down? Same
sort of thing.
Um let's get rid of this box.
So, here's our 9:30 candle in the NQ.
Here's closing candle up here. We know
the overnight candles that we watch.
We opened up
in range, right? We opened up inside of
the range and so this was choppy choppy
choppy choppy until it broke out
at the end of the 4:00 a.m. candle.
The 4:30 candle here opened us up above
26,500.
Where did we go to?
Expansion zone 50% range. That's the
1.5% range of the 9:30 candle. That's
where we've stopped at.
So, the NQ feels a bit weaker than the
ES, certainly. Moving averages are a bit
flat. Could we have another megaphone
style trade that gives us a deep
pullback on that
9:30 candle and then a bounce off of the
floor of support.
Potentially, where would that number be?
26,350.
That's right about the 50% mark of that
9:30 candle. That would be ideal for me.
Now, if you are thinking, "Hey, wait a
second. Didn't you just say some of the
best places to go would be where that
moving average is sitting down
by the pivot?" Yes, I did. So, you can
actually consider that. You can consider
buying that area around the pivot,
26,433.
What do you make your stop?
It'd have to be 40-50 points wide.
Because the it's that noisy. There's
that much buying interference sitting in
there. Or you could just say, "Hey, if
it if I can't get a grip on it right
away, I'll stop out after 25 points, and
then I'll try it again." That's totally
up to you. But volatility says stops
need to be wide. Okay?
Right now, this is in a double topping
formation. It should come back to the
base of
the candlesticks down here, 26,423.
Let's go to Bitcoin.
Bitcoin breaking out just very nicely.
76,000, big number we're watching. Let
me see why I'm watching that number.
Ah, here we go.
This is why I'm watching this number.
It's the prior high from these zones.
Broke it just slightly.
And then, liquidation.
Absolutely selling it off. Where are
they going to sell it off to? Well,
yesterday's 9:30 candlestick in Bitcoin
was
big.
The last time we had a candlestick that
big was
uh wow, what is that? Uh
Thursday, Wednesday, Tuesday. We had a
candlestick with that kind of volume.
And the chart stayed relatively within
it, I would suspect that if dips
continue to be buys, and they should be
because the moving averages are sitting
that way, the sweet spot for the buy
zone. Look at this collision. You have a
collision of value area low, 74,100.
The view uh the 200 simple moving
average, 71,170.
The 50% range of the 930 candle, that is
the sweet spot. I'm going to put an
order in for that right now. 24,145.
Trend is up.
Uh momentum is above zero. It should dip
below zero and then lift again. That is
a beautiful
entry point if the price action allows
us.
It may it may not.
If it does, it's a very nice trade with
about 1,000 points of risk.
I mean, you could take it all the way to
the bottom there, but I don't think you
would need to. It would need to hold
this zone very nicely and it's been
obeying the 200 simple moving average
very well on the 30-minute. Now, you can
see the bouncing off of the 75,100
area.
That's the top of
um
the 30-minute open. The Bitcoin
30-minute close.
So, there's a there's a lot of action
sitting around this zone.
I would still say that the bounce here
is a sell into the deeper dips, but you
never know. You get to You get to make
that choice yourself. It's all about
risk. You get to do whatever you want.
It is all about risk.
Uh let's go to oil.
Oil's doing very nicely. It's doing
exactly what I think it's going to do.
As many of you know,
my target is right around here, this 85
zone.
What are we doing currently?
Well, currently, we are holding the
frame of 1 2 3 4 days in a range.
Right? It stepped into the range on
Tuesday and here it is Friday, still the
range. The low edge of the range,
$90.21.
That's a bounce zone. Clearly, you can
see them bouncing, trying to get up over
value area low, that's $90.94.
Let's look at our orientation.
Slope of momentum, down.
Slope of trend, mixed. We've got an
upward 50 that was in a reversion to the
mean, a downward 200, and a flat VWAP.
What does that tell you?
This is the information that that is
telling you. It's got sideways action on
the horizon. Volatility move. So, where
might the best place be? Well, look at
where they accumulated all this
inventory.
This opening candlestick at
6:00 p.m.
The traders were there all night until
about 4:30. So, something happened.
Some kind of news happened at 4:00 a.m.
We We can see it across all of the
charts. I don't know what that news is,
but it was positive for the market,
negative for oil.
And it brought oil down into the support
zone of 9014. What do I suspect? Bounce
it or bounces or sells? Where might the
next bounce be?
Pivot and
the 50 simple moving average. And likely
the VWAP. And that's going to be around
$92.93,
$93,
anywhere in that zone, it's likely to
bring us resistance. Yes, Emery, those
are squishy numbers. Everything you're
giving me is squishy today. That's
because the market is choppy. And so,
you're going to have to keep your eyes
peeled in terms of figuring out
what that means. All right? When you've
got flat motion on a VWAP and downward
motion on one chart to upward motion on
a momentum. When you've got cross
currents like that, you're going to have
chop. And that's what we're staring
down. Now,
the what happens at the loss of 90?
Well, the first thing that they'll try
to do on the 1-minute chart is recapture
that.
However,
if you can't recapture it, you can chase
this down to
88 8790
85 is where I think the chart is
essentially going. And we still have a
little bit of an updrift left in the ES.
So, we could see
a combination of price actions moving
down and then up, which would mean
gold uh oil would bounce up and then
down, and we'd have our market back in
the same grinding motion in one
direction or another. Let's take a look
at gold.
Gold's got pressing. Remember yesterday
I said, "Hey, I think we're headed to
the 200."
And we have tested that 200 on 30
minutes several times. On the hourly, it
looks like we're still reverting
to that 200 area, which gives us a low
of around 4780.
Now, that also happens to be just below
the low of the 930 open candle from
yesterday.
The entire day and all the overnight,
this chart's been caught between
um
the candlestick from low to high.
It's been a minute since I've actually
seen that all the way. I've seen it
leave the edge and then come back.
Um but it's it's been a while since I've
seen them all inside and not
moving
without breaking out or breaking down.
This is very very interesting. There is
a a big move coming in gold.
I don't know where it is. I don't know
if it's breakdown or breakout, but
there's there's a move coming.
My suspicion is that if it pulls back
deeply, it's still going to be a buy
zone. So, assuming it breaks the 200
simple moving average on the hourly,
look for the low that's this one here.
Look for the low around 4750.
And as soon as that one is recovered,
you move it to the upside.
All right?
30-minute, you can see it's really the
200 has become very porous. So, my
suspicion is that bounces are sells into
these uh deeper support areas, but it's
very volatile right now. So, you want to
be careful.
Let's go to spy.
I mean, what can you say about this? If
I took the pivots out and just hid them,
is that not a buy the dip if you've ever
seen one?
It's very bullish. Don't overthink the
market. Oh, it's got to turn around
here. No, it doesn't have to do
anything. It really doesn't.
It might need to, but it doesn't have
to, okay? And that's the big difference.
So, what are we doing? We're well over
the call wall in spy. Call wall is 700.
We are at 703,
right around there, which is also a
resistance level.
A pivot resistance level. We just
rejected the pivot resistance at 70340.
So, where
might we want to take this trade?
As you know, I like the regions that are
close to the pivot and the 30-simple
moving average. Our momentum is flat, so
it's going to meander with trend.
It's just going to meander with trend,
and so my thought would be if price
action gives us the gift of coming into
70180,
you could try it there, but your stop
would need to be
well, about a dollar 30 wide, and that's
pretty wide.
Especially if you're trading intraday.
So,
my expectation is that if it gets to the
pivot, it could be very noisy at the
pivot, so you want to be careful.
I'd say if it comes into the pivot,
don't have a limit order waiting there,
step to the side, see if it gets back to
the call wall, and then move up.
Remember, well, no, I haven't told you
this. What is happening here
is that the market makers are unwinding
their
sh- short puts,
and the closer and closer they get to
the call wall, they have to buy more
futures contracts, and so now we're
coming into expiration of all of those
contracts. We could see all kinds of
volatility
if they want to cover
instead of rolling into some other
contract. So,
which they should roll.
But, the goal is to realize that it's
market makers that are forced to hedge
their books once we get up over this
call wall, and man, have they been
getting smashed, especially in the
futures market, especially in the
futures market. So, dips are buys.
Ultimately, they'd like to see
everything come into that call wall
today, but it could come into the call
wall, which would force some more buying
of positions,
and then the traders are back up to
all-time highs.
Yeah, so be careful. Be be careful. This
is an upward flow that is pretty strong.
All right, take care everybody.
I'll see you soon.